here is backtest file 
as you will see this is the functionality that calculate MA on parameters you given


now i will show you for RSI
entries is the buy and exit the sell?no
entries is the parameter 


it simply means that whatever the indicator(strategy) you want ...i have to code first 

then if you want that strategy adopt by BOT this will also code with different data pipeline and functionalities and can also takes time to code 

Im a bit confused here man. I will try to see later today if I can write an indicator myself

I have a strategy to start with but I want to test various other things to improve it. So, I need to learn how to change the indicators
u have to tll me the startgy 
I will codeit
take your timeif there is anythin im here
share the stratey so that we could code it
thats how it works

Ok I will prepare a file with the indicators and send you. I will try to do it now before I leave. If not I will send later today

one more thing you have to understand that whatever the strategy you have to explain like for example I will show u RSI one 

yteah I think I got that
will give you all the parameters
yessss

like for RSI we got these selected variables period overbought oversold then we have a list of opens

in "is_candle_closed"we got True either False if it is True means certain candle closes at that instant we add open values inside our opens 



then we check if the length of opens are greater then RSI period which we set if yes then it calculate RSI


then order of Sell executed if order is sucessful then we set our position false 


lastly we if we are are not in position "Buy order will execute""

I hope you understand ..... i need your strategy just like this so it will easy for us to make 

question  not in position mean that I dont have a position open?
yesss

hmm
that might be a problem. I will need to open multiple positions for each pair that's how RSI works oh ok
so for other strategies I will be able to open multiple positions?
yes makok good!

yes make your strategy test this on paper actually i am not a Finance or Trade person I am a programmer ..... you Yeah I will try to explain in detail

will send you screenshots of the indicators as well to help. The math behind them to be calculated
but you will probably find them ready through libraries

I search first that these are avaliable in any library if not then code myself. I think they are

anyway I need to go now 
will be back later
I will prepare a file with the strategy
 sure 